**Random Forest**

A random forest model is a classification and regression model that allows a data scientist to forecast or predict values based off a certain amount of attributes. It works by creating multiple decision trees and then combining the output generated by each of the decision trees.  Random Forest works on the same principle as Decision Tress; however, it does not select all the data points and variables in each of the trees. It randomly samples data points and variables in each of the tree that it creates and then combines the output at the end. It removes the bias that a decision tree model might introduce in the system. Doing this allows for the data scientist to obtain a well rounded and unbiased prediction or outcome. 

To understand the Decision Tree models look under the Decision Tree folder README. 

Random Forest is one of the more powerful analytical tools that scientists can use. If looking to predict an attribute based off many other attributes I would begin with the Random Forest model simply because within the randomForest package it allows for a very key function; the importance function. 

**Importance**

The Importance function allows to for the scientist to see what attributes within the model created are most correlated to the attribute in question. This allows for the scientist to make amends to the original model to allow it to run more accurately and in turn return a more accurate outcome. 

Flip through the Model RMarkdown in this folder to see how I coded and ran the predictive model.



**LETS GET STARTED!!**